Expand copilot instructions with build, CI, ABI, and protocol integration guides (#4913)
canonical/mir: .github/instructions/cpp.instructions.md

- **Include order**: See `cppguide.md`

## Formatting

- **Indentation**: 4 spaces (no tabs)
- **Line length**: Maximum 120 characters
- **Braces**: Opening brace on new line for functions, classes, namespaces, and branches
- **Function declarations**: Return type or `auto` on same line as function name
- **Pointer/Reference placement**: Asterisk/ampersand adjacent to type (e.g., `char* c`, `string const& str`)

## C++ features

- **Use C++23 features** where appropriate
- **Constructors**: Use `explicit` for single-argument constructors
- **Initialization**: Prefer `{}` initialization (e.g., `int n{5}`)
- **Null pointers**: Use `nullptr` instead of `NULL` or `0`
- **Const correctness**: Use `const` wherever possible; prefer `int const*` over `const int*`
- **Smart pointers**: Prefer smart pointers over raw pointers for ownership
- **Auto keyword**: Use `auto` for complex types and iterators when it improves readability, as well as new-style function declarations with `auto`
- **Optional values**: Use `std::optional<T>` for values that may or may not be present; use `std::nullopt` to represent absence
- **Enum classes**: Prefer `enum class` over plain `enum` for type safety

> - **Time types**: Use `std::chrono::nanoseconds` for timestamps and `std::chrono::milliseconds` for durations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Time types**: Use `mir::time::Timestamp` for timestamps and `mir::time::Duration` for durations
```

> - **Noexcept**: Mark destructors and move operations as `noexcept` where appropriate

Reviewer: It is rarely appropriate for destructors. These are (usually) implicitly `noexcept` - where they are not, declaring them `noexcept` risks `terminate()`.
